I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
The Tree House!
Peppa and George are visiting
Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig.
Granny Pig!
Ganggy lg!
Hello, my little ones!
Before you come in the house,
you must take off
your muddy boots.
Yes, Granny.
Peppa, George,
look What I've made!
Little curtains!
Ooooo!
What are the little
curtains for, Granny?
It's a surprise!
Do you Want to see
What Grandpa Pig
has made for you, in the garden?
Yes, please,
Grandpa Pig!
Baba ig!
Hello, Peppa, George!
Look What I've made for you.
A tree house!
A tree house! For
George and me?
And the little curtains are
for your tree house!
Hurray!
Peppa and George love
their tree house!
Thank you, Granny Pig!
Thank you, Grandpa Pig!
Who Wants
to go inside first?
Me! Me!
ln you go then!
Before I go in my tree house,
I must take off my muddy boots!
I'm in my tree house!
George? Would you like
to go in the tree house, too?
Yes? Who is it?
A young pig named ''George''
Would like to pay a visit.
Can he come in?
As long as he takes off
his muddy boots.
George, take your boots off,
then you can visit Peppa
in the tree house.
Who is it?
George?
Yes? Who is it?
It's Mummy Pig.
Have you room for any
more visitors?
Hmmmm. You have to say
the secret Words.
Then you can come into our house.
I see. And What are
the secret Words?
I have to Whisper them to you.
The secret Words are
''Daddy's Big Tummy!''
I see!
Say the secret Words!
''Daddy's Big Tummy.''
That's right!
''Daddy's Big Tummy!!''
I think those are silly
secret Words.
Mummy, before you come in our house,
you must take off your boots.
Of course.
There's room for Daddy, too!
Say the secret Words, Daddy!
Can I have different
secret Words, please?
No!
Oh, all right.
''Daddy's Big Tummy.''
That's right!
You can come in now, Daddy!
Take your boots off!
Er. I don't think I can
fit through the door.
That's because your tummy
is too big!
I know! Daddy Pig can
climb in through the top!
Peppa, George, Mummy Pig
and Daddy Pig
are all in the tree house!
Granny, I love our tree house!
I don't Want to ever come out!
That's nice, Peppa.
But are you sure you don't
Want to visit me in my house?
No, thank you, Granny.
ln that case,
Grandpa Pig and I Will
just have to eat my homemade
cookies all by ourselves.
Coookies!
Granny Pig!
Here are my home-made cookies!
But, if you Want to come in,
you have to say the secret Words.
That's easy!
''Daddy's Big Tummy!''
That's right!
Well, I still think that those are
very silly secret Words.